Edit/project handbook (#498)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/self_hosted/installation-chart/100_how_to_upgrade.md

## v11 - version upgrades

### Upgrade from v11.4.0 to v11.4.1

> With version v11.4.1 (Chart version v9.5.0) the feature toggle service now uses Rönd, therefore `rbacSidecar` configurations should be added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version v11.4.1 (Chart version v9.5.0), the feature toggle service uses Rönd. Hence, you should add the `rbacSidecar` configurations like the following:
```
